SDN-removal:removes SDN from 4.17 (#79740)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/changing-cluster-network-mtu.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> As a cluster administrator, you can change the MTU for the cluster network after cluster installation. This change is disruptive as cluster nodes must be rebooted to finalize the MTU change. You can change the MTU only for clusters using the OVN-Kubernetes network plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can change the MTU for the cluster network after cluster installation. This change is disruptive as cluster nodes must be rebooted to finalize the MTU change. You can change the MTU only for clusters using the OVN-Kubernetes network plug-ins.
```
See ISG: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#p
